# Microsystem-Advances-through-Integration-with-Artificial-Intelligence
Microfluidic Chip

Microfluidics is a rapidly growing discipline that involves studying and manipulating fluids at reduced length scale and volume, typically on the scale of micro- or nanoliters. Under the reduced length scale and larger surface-to-volume ratio, advantages of low reagent consumption, faster reaction kinetics, and more compact systems are evident in microfluidics. However, miniaturization of microfluidic chips and systems introduces challenges of stricter tolerances in designing and controlling them for interdisciplinary applications. Recent advances in artificial intelligence (AI) have brought innovation to microfluidics from design, simulation, automation, and optimization to bioanalysis and data analytics. In microfluidics, the Navier–Stokes equations, which are partial differential equations describing viscous fluid motion that in complete form are known to not have a general analytical solution, can be simplified and have fair performance through numerical approximation due to low inertia and laminar flow. Approximation using neural networks trained by rules of physical knowledge introduces a new possibility to predict the physicochemical nature. The combination of microfluidics and automation can produce large amounts of data, where features and patterns that are difficult to discern by a human can be extracted by machine learning. Therefore, integration with AI introduces the potential to revolutionize the microfluidic workflow by enabling the precision control and automation of data analysis. Deployment of smart microfluidics may be tremendously beneficial in various applications in the future, including high-throughput drug discovery, rapid point-of-care-testing (POCT), and personalized medicine. In this review, we summarize key microfluidic advances integrated with AI and discuss the outlook and possibilities of combining AI and microfluidics.
